Exit the room and go forward. Stop in the doorway of the room at the end of the hall. 
Walk past the striped lamp, and continue straight down the hallway.  Continue forward and enter the door at the end of hallway.  Wait here. 
Exit the bedroom and head straight down the hallway. Pass the doors on the right and left and stop at the bathroom doorway ahead. 
Walk forward with the fireplace on your left. Go over the velvet rope and walk towards the ornate doors. Stop at the doors with the fireplace poker on your left. 
TUrn around, walk on the red runner, go past the fireplace.  Stop when you get to the 3 chairs.  wait there. 
Walk past fireplace. Walk past chandelier. Walk past fireplace. Wait at double doors. 
Turn around and exit out the doorway to your left on the left side of the standing clock. Walk down the hallway until you reach the next room. Once inside, turn left and go past the rope and stop in front of the table with 2 chairs. 
Go down the stone stairs and turn left and walk down the hallway on the left. Walk down the hallway and go through the door and enter the room. Go left in to the room and wait by the fireplace. 
Enter the room to the left of the clock on floor.  Continue straight until you reach the velvet rope.  Wait here. 
Walk up the small set of stairs in the living room.  Stay left and enter the door to your left.  Turn left down the hallway and enter the room.  Wait beside the white lamp. 
To forward up the stairs and take a left through the hallway, take another left, keep going until you are in the bedroom and stop as you soon as you get to the television. 
Go straight of the steps and through the door on your left. Turn left down the hallway and stop once you reach the foot of the bed in the bedroom. 
Turn left and follow the rope. At the end of the rope turn right and follow the rope to the left. Once you enter that room, stop right before the table in the middle. 
Step onto the red carpet and turn left. Walk down the red carpet, following the roped off section, and turn right after the rope ends. Follow the red carpet forward and turn left, walking through the double doors. Walk forward and wait near the chairs. 
Turn left just before the roped off section with table and chairs. Walk into the doorway on the right. Wait next to the table and chairs. 
Cross the room between the white side table and the glass-topped dining table.  The dining table will be on your right.  Go through the doorway in front of you and stop once you pass through that doorway. 
Walk through the doorway across the dining room. Wait next to the door. 
Walk past the long table with a horse statue on it through the doorway.  Stop just inside the doorway. 
Enter the room with the large rounded mirror on the left. Go straight and turn left to go through the door ahead. Stop at the hallway. 
Walk through the dining room, and take a left past the table. Walk into the hall and stop beyond the entry next to the door. 
Walk around the dining table until you get to the table with the horse statue on it.  Turn left at the horse and stop walking after you step through the doorway. 
Turn to your left and go past the rope to exit the room to the right of the fireplace. Once in the next room turn left. Walk to the end of the rope and turn right. Walk and stop at the top of the stairs facing down them. 
Turn right and pass the fireplace go out of the room then go left and wait at the top of the stairs on the first step. 
Walk past the chairs and turn right. Walk through the double doors and turn left. Walk to the top of the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the top. 
Walk through the doorway and then make a hard left past the dining room table and towards the open doorway, stop once you're outside. 
Walk straight then turn left. Pass the table and chairs and then pass the wall with holes in it. Go outside using the large glass doors on the right. Wait there. 
Walk forward and turn left. Keep walking forward passing the glass table on the right. Pass the divider, and stop at the opened glass door. 
Walk across living room to double glass doors exiting outside. Stop on porch between two columns. 
Go up the two steps that are right by the wall with holes, pass the glass table with white chairs, pass another wall with holes then go outside using the large glass double doors on the right and wait there. 
Go straight up the steps and continue going straight passed the table and towards the door on the right. Exit the door on to the patio. 
With the fireplace towards your right side, enter the room ahead and exit the next room via the rightmost opening on the opposite wall. Continue forward until the carpet ends, then go past the rope barrier to your right and wait on the carpet to the right of the fireplace. 
Walk down the right side of the hallway. Enter through the doorway on the right. Continue walking straight. Turn right and stop at the entrance of the room next to the rope partition. 
Turn left and then wait next to the fire place on the right. 
Go into the house and walk straight into the foyer. Stop once you are at the banister between the sets of stairs. 
Walk through the doors in front of you until you get to the next set of double doors and continue walking straight. When you get to the spot where the two staircases meet, stop. 
Go inside the house and stop between the staircases. 
Turn to your right. Go through the doorway on your left behind the rope. Go down the hallway and stop at the top of the staircase on the left. 
Walk across room to hallway on left follow red rug to two large pillars and turn left. Stop at top of steps. 
Exit the pink room using the left door then head out to the hallway and walk until you get to the top of the stairs on the left. Wait there. 
Turn right and down the hallway. Turn left and wait near the round table . 
Turn around and exit out the wood and green door to the right of the fire extinguisher. Walk forward until you reach the rope. Stop on the other side of the rope when you reach the next rug. 
Turn around and exit the door to the right of the fire extinguisher. Walk forward and enter the next room. Walk over to the small table and stop behind the first stool you reach. 
Exit the room by going through the doorway on the left. Go straight and stop at the top of the stairs. 
Facing the fireplace leave the room through the door on the right of the fireplace. Walk to the stairs, and stop at the top of the stairs. 
Take first left through doorway, walk straight down red carpet, stop between the two large pillars on left side. 
Turn left and walk through the doorway on the left of the chair.  Walk down the left corridor, into the bedroom.  Stop in front of the first brown and tan picture on the left. 
Exit dining room into hall and turn left to bedroom. Stop in front of bed. 
Pass the weird chair and then turn right. Go into the hallway and turn left. Walk straight until you get to the bedroom and wait near the bed. 
Go down the all the stairs, and take a left.  Enter the room on the far left. Stop once you enter the room. 
Walk down the steps that curve right. Turn left and walk down the steps. Walk into the door on the right. Stop just inside the doorway. 
Go down the stairs on your right. When you go all the way down turn left. Go into the room on the left that is the farthest away. Stop at the entrance. 
Leave the salon by going under the red velvet rope and exit through the door on the left. Follow the red carpet and go through the double doors. Enter the next room and go stand by the short table under the chandelier. 
Turn and walk out the double doors to left of the fireplace. Walk across the room and into the door straight ahead. Once you enter the room walk to the other side of the rope on the left  and stop in between the benches and the table at the blue vase. 
Walk and turn left towards the door. Enter the door, and keep walking forward, and enter a door that has a huge round mirror on the right. Turn left towards the brown chairs, and stop there. 
walk forward towards the door into he house. I the entryway take a right and walk around the gate. Once you are past the gate walk into the dining room and go forward. In the dining room stop in front of the first chair on your right. 
Walk down the walkway onto the front porch area of the home. Walk across the porch into the open double entry doors of the home. Walk around the wooden dividing wall ahead and into the next room past the first armchair. 
Enter the building through the large glass doors. Turn right and move passed the lattice work. Turn left and enter the room. Move forward between the large chair that is against the wall and the glass table. 
Go up the stairs and stop at the top, where the red path splits. 
Go up the stairs. Wait near the chandelier. 
Walk up and wait at the top of the stairs. 
Exit the bedroom, turn left and wait at the exit. 
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Stop in the doorway. 
Walk out of the bedroom and wait in the doorway to outside that is on the left. 
Walk past the fireplace and out of the room. Walk under the chandelier and stop. 
Pass the fireplace and then go straight out the door ahead. Wait by the chairs that have flowers. 
Go straight through the doorway, stop next to the chairs in the middle of the room. 
Walk into the bathroom area and continue past the sink and shower. Walk through the open door into the bedroom. walk past the base of the bed and out through the door on the other side. 
Leave the room with the toilet and step into the bigger bathroom.  Turn left and walk past the foot of the two beds and outside the bedroom.  Stop just after stepping out of the bedroom. 
Exit toilet room and take left. Walk passed the shower towards bedroom. Slight right and walk straight to exit bedroom. 
Go straight. Pass the glass table with the white chairs then turn left and go into that hallway then turn left and stop at that doorway. 
Turn around and enter the dining room. Walk across the dining room, then exit through the doorway on the left. Turn to the left, then stop at the entrance of the empty room. 
Walk through entryway into dining room with the beige chairs and glass table. After you pass the table, turn left and go through doorway. Take the first left and wait in doorway of bathroom. 
Walk through the front door to the house. Make a left through the door and walk down the hall and turn the corner. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Walk passed the two large beds and into the bathroom, stopping near the sink. 
Walk towards the wall divider inside the house. 
Turn around and walk through the doorway.  Turn to the left and walk down the hall.  Turn left again and walk into the bedroom.  You'll go past two beds Walk into the bathroom, towards the mirror and stop. 
Walk straight and into the room. Take a right and walk past the bed and into the bathroom. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom. 
Enter the building through the door. Move into the bedroom on the right. Move forward and stop at the door of the bathroom. 
Walk along the patio into the nearest entrance door to the home. Walk down the hall into the bedroom. Walk passed the bed and through the door to the bathroom. 
Walk down the stairs. and enter the rightmost doorway to your left. Walk along the red carpet, cross the gated area to the right  and wait there. 
go down the stairs, turn left, go down the steps, turn right, go down hallway, turn right, go over the velvet rope, stop immediately on the corner of the rug. 
Go down the stairs. At bottom landing, turn right to go down the hallway. When you have met the red rope, turn right and stand on corner of large carpet. 
Turn left and walk through the doorway on the left of the chair.  Walk down the left corridor, into the bedroom.  Stop in front of the first brown and tan picture on the left. 
Exit dining room into hall and turn left to bedroom. Stop in front of bed. 
Pass the weird chair and then turn right. Go into the hallway and turn left. Walk straight until you get to the bedroom and wait near the bed. 
Walk down the stairs. and enter the rightmost doorway to your left. Walk along the red carpet, cross the gated area to the right  and wait there. 
go down the stairs, turn left, go down the steps, turn right, go down hallway, turn right, go over the velvet rope, stop immediately on the corner of the rug. 
Go down the stairs. At bottom landing, turn right to go down the hallway. When you have met the red rope, turn right and stand on corner of large carpet. 
Turn around and walk through the bedroom towards the bathroom. Stop just inside the bathroom. 
Go through the left archway, go straight through the room and into the bathroom archway and stop. 
Enter through the door leading inside.  Continue straight through the bedroom.  Enter the bathroom through the doorway.  Wait here. 
Walk forward and make a left into the first hallway. Continue down that hallway and climb over the ropes in front of you, if they are there. Wait on the oriental rug on the floor in the sitting area. 
Make a left to exit room, proceed down hallway, and stop in fainting room. 
Turn left into the hallway. Go straight until you get to the oval table.Wait there. 
go straight and take left and turn first right near right side chair. 
Walk out the bathroom.  Make a left through the open door. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
Walk forward towards the door with the sink at your back. In the hallway take a left and go through the doorway into the dining room. In the dining room take a right and go down the steps into the living room. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
Walking straight down the hallway, and turn left at your first hallway on the left. stop right after you pass through the doorway. 
Walk across the bedroom with the bed on your right as you pass it.  Leave the bedroom by the doorway in front of you.  Pass the blonde wood closet doors, and go through the open doorway on your left side.  Stop next to the dining table, which will be on your right. 
Walk through the bedroom and down the hall. Turn left and stop in the doorway. 
Turn around and go straight. Take a left at the wall and go straight. 
Head straight until you pass the wall with holes in it the turn left and wait by the glass table with the white chairs. 
Go down past some room dividers toward a glasstop desk, and turn into the dining area. Wait next to the large glass dining table. 
Walk around the big roped off display and turn left. Go through that entryway and down that hallway. Stop by the other roped off display on your right. 
Turn to the left and climb over the rope.  Go down the hallway.  Jump over the rope on the right side at the end of the hallway.  Wait right there by the fireplace. 
Go left through the second door by the columns, then enter the next room and turn right, wait by the table. 
Walk down the carpeted staircase and down the three marble steps. Turn left and follow the red carpet down the hallway through the double doors. Wait near the sitting area to the right. 
Go down the stairs and take a left. Go down the hall and enter the sitting room. Stop with the lamp next to the fireplace on your left. 
Walk down the stairs. At the bottom turn left and walk until you reach the clock. Enter the door to the left of the clock. Walk straight to the end of the rug and turn left to enter the room on the other side of the rope. Stop in front of the small table with 2 chairs. 
Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Leave the bedroom and make a slight left then wait in the doorway going outside. 
Walk forward and take a left through the door into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and the dresser and through the doorway. Take a left and wait in the entryway. 
Leave the bathroom and take a left and walk out of the bedroom. Take a left and stop in the doorway to the patio. 
Walk across sitting room taking exit on the right. Walk to large room with table in the middle. Stop next to the table. 
Go straight past the fireplace then turn right. Go straight through the hall. Wait near the chairs and table on the left. 
Walk across the living room, past the fireplace and exit through the doorway on your right.  Walk down the red carpet into the next room and stand next to the dining room table. 
Enter past the thermostat and go through the left opening. Walk past the beds into the bathroom and wait in front of the sink. 
Reverse your direction 180 degrees. Walk through the doorway to the right of the door leading outside. Walk past the chair and straight into the leftmost door. Walk through the bedroom into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
Head left and make another left at the glass door into the room with the ironing boards and go into the bathroom with white towels on the sink. 
Go straight down the hallway until you get to the door on the end. Wait there. 
Exit the bedroom and walk down the hall. Wait in front of the door directly ahead. 
Leave the bedroom and walk straight down the hall. Stop before you go through the door at the end of the hall. 
Walk through the dining room, toward the partition, then veer right and wait in the exterior doorway. 
With the horse statue on the table behind you, walk around the dining table on the left side and past the screen.  Walk to the open front door and stop in the doorway going outside. 
Walk past the dining room table,and through the walkway. Stop when you reach the double doors that lead outside. 
Walk inside towards the red circle on marble floor.  Continue straight.  Wait at the bottom of staircase. 
Go indoors. Walk straight until you get between the two columns. 
Turn around, walk up the two steps and head through the entryway. Continue forward and stop in between the bottom of the two staircases. 
Walk up the curved staircase on the right.  Next turn left to walk up the next set of stairs.  Walk towards two white pillars at top of steps.  Wait here. 
Go up the stairs on the right.  On the landing, turn left and go up of the rest of the stairs.  Stop on the last step before reaching the top. 
Walk up the staircase to the right. Walk all the way to the top of the staircase. Stop on the second step from the top. 
Walk down the hall and to the left. Walk through the doors and down the hall. Stop in front of the double doors. 
Turn left and walk through the doorway to the left of the mirror. Wait in the doorway on the right. 
Follow the red carpet down the hall, past the fire extinguishers on the floor. Angle slightly left and walk through the double doors ahead and to the left. Follow the red carpet to the end of the ropes and turn right, waiting in the doorway. 
Walk past the fireplace and exit the room through the doorway on the right. Immediately turn left, walk through the hallway, turn right and wait on the stairway landing. 
Exit room through the doorway on the right. Turn left and walk down the hall. Turn right past the red striped chair and go up the stairs. 
Walk past the rope line and exit the room through the door on your right.  Turn left and walk down the hall.  Turn right and walk up marble steps.  Wait on the landing. 
Go down stairs, go to the double doorway to the right of the front doorway, go through that doorway, make a left into the roped area and next to the table and stop. 
Walk down the steps and to the left. Walk into the double doors on the right. Walk left and stop in front of the table. 
Walk down the stairs, and go into the doorway on the left. Go between the chairs and the table on the left and stop. 
Turn left and walk along the red carpet. Enter the rightmost doorway behind the chairs. Wait by the small table in the middle of the chairs. 
Enter siting room and walk straight across it passing chairs and table. turn right following rope.Turn left at open door. Enter through double doors and stop in the middle of the room beside chairs. 
Travel straight through the large ornate room and through the double door with the golden wreath located on it and continue on until you see a large crystal chandelier. 
Turn to your left and go past the rope to exit the room to the right of the fireplace. Once in the next room turn left. Walk to the end of the rope and turn right. Walk and stop at the top of the stairs facing down them. 
Turn right and pass the fireplace go out of the room then go left and wait at the top of the stairs on the first step. 
Walk past the chairs and turn right. Walk through the double doors and turn left. Walk to the top of the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the top. 
Walk down the stairs and turn into the second door on the left. Stop next to the fireplace. 
Walk down the stairs, turn left, enter the doorway on the right side of the grandfather clock. Wait near the fireplace. 
Walk down the stairs to the bottom, then turn left.  Walk past the  clock and enter the room on the left. Stand next to the fireplace. 
Turn to the left, stepping over the red velvet rope and onto the first red rug, then turn left. Head down the hallway until you see a red and white striped chair on your left. Head up the grey stairs until you're standing on the first red tile mosaic, and wait there. 
Walk and turn left at the first corner. Keep walking straight along until you see a white and red striped chair and a staircase. Turn left and walk up the first three white steps and stop there. 
Walk from sitting room to long red rug. Turn left and walk straight to stairs on left. Turn left and walk up steps and stop. 
Turn left and move straight through the room and then walk through the doorway. Wait just inside the doorway. 
Turn left. Walk past the table with the horse sculpture. Continue through the doorway. Stop after you entered the doorway. 
Walk between the sitting area and the dining table towards the door way. Walk through the door and stop. 
Turn left and follow the rope. At the end of the rope turn right and follow the rope to the left. Once you enter that room, stop right before the table in the middle. 
Step onto the red carpet and turn left. Walk down the red carpet, following the roped off section, and turn right after the rope ends. Follow the red carpet forward and turn left, walking through the double doors. Walk forward and wait near the chairs. 
Turn left just before the roped off section with table and chairs. Walk into the doorway on the right. Wait next to the table and chairs. 
Walk down the stairs. and enter the rightmost doorway to your left. Walk along the red carpet, cross the gated area to the right  and wait there. 
go down the stairs, turn left, go down the steps, turn right, go down hallway, turn right, go over the velvet rope, stop immediately on the corner of the rug. 
Go down the stairs. At bottom landing, turn right to go down the hallway. When you have met the red rope, turn right and stand on corner of large carpet. 
Walk past the fireplace and out of the room. Walk under the chandelier and stop. 
Pass the fireplace and then go straight out the door ahead. Wait by the chairs that have flowers. 
Go straight through the doorway, stop next to the chairs in the middle of the room. 
Walk down the stairs and turn into the second door on the left. Stop next to the fireplace. 
Walk down the stairs, turn left, enter the doorway on the right side of the grandfather clock. Wait near the fireplace. 
Walk down the stairs to the bottom, then turn left.  Walk past the  clock and enter the room on the left. Stand next to the fireplace. 
Walk straight towards doorway. Enter doorway and turn right. Wait at doorway. 
walk through the doorway. stand under the light. 
Head straight ahead past the table. Go through doorway. Stop at doorway to bathroom. 
Walk past the fireplace and out of the room. Walk under the chandelier and stop. 
Pass the fireplace and then go straight out the door ahead. Wait by the chairs that have flowers. 
Go straight through the doorway, stop next to the chairs in the middle of the room. 
Walk through the entryway and left up the stairs that curve left. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
Stand with the door behind you and go up the staircase on your left.  Stop where the other staircase meets up, just before the single staircase going up. 
Walk forward towards the staircases and go up the staircase on the left. Once you have finished climbing up the first set of stairs there will be a short landing area. Wait there do not continue upstairs or go back downstairs on the set of stairs in front of you. 
Go down the stairs and then wait in the middle. 
walk down the stairs, turn right and walk down those stairs, stop in the middle of the red tile at the bottom. 
Go down the stairs, and at the landing go right. Continue down the stairs to the next landing. Stop on the landing. 
Go down the stairs turn right and continue going down the stairs. Turn left on the second door. Wait near the fireplace. 
Turn around and go all the way down the stairs to the right. At the bottom, turn left and enter the door to the right of the stand up clock. Stop once you enter the room. 
Go down to the bottom of the right side of the staircase. Go through the door on the right side of the grandfather clock. 
Go straight through the door, turn right around the kitchen table, pass the wooden lattice and then turn left and stop in the kitchen. 
Walk through the door and past the dining room table and chairs and turn right. Walk past the grated wall and turn left. Stop just inside the kitchen. 
Walk into the dining room. Take a right once you pass the table. Walk straight, and take a left and enter the kitchen. Stand in the doorway to the kitchen. 
Turn to your right. Go through the doorway on your left behind the rope. Go down the hallway and stop at the top of the staircase on the left. 
Walk across room to hallway on left follow red rug to two large pillars and turn left. Stop at top of steps. 
Exit the pink room using the left door then head out to the hallway and walk until you get to the top of the stairs on the left. Wait there. 
Walk across living room to double glass doors exiting outside. Stop on porch between two columns. 
Go up the two steps that are right by the wall with holes, pass the glass table with white chairs, pass another wall with holes then go outside using the large glass double doors on the right and wait there. 
Go straight up the steps and continue going straight passed the table and towards the door on the right. Exit the door on to the patio. 
turn around walk through the large doorway, stop near the fireplace. 
Exit the room through the doorway on the same wall as the mirror. In the next room there is a large empty rectangular table in the middle. Stand on the far side of it, between it and the two chairs. 
Go straight into the door in the middle and wait by the fireplace. 