exit the office and turn right . wait in the hallway .
walk past the stairs and up the stairs . turn left and walk into the living room . stop in front of the first chair .
walk up the stairs and turn right . walk past the dining room table and chairs . turn left and walk into the room . wait in the doorway .
walk up the stairs and turn right . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the dining room table and chairs . stop in front of the couch .
walk past the stairs and into the living room . stop in front of the first white chair .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk down the hallway and wait in the doorway at the end of the hall .
walk into the house and walk around the stairs . walk down the stairs and stop .
walk past the stairs and wait in the doorway of the first door on the right .
turn left and walk past the stairs . turn left and enter the closet . wait there .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom .
walk straight down the hallway . wait near the fireplace .
exit the bathroom and walk straight out the bedroom door . wait outside .
walk down the stairs and wait by the table with the white chairs .
walk past the foot of the bed and out the door . walk out the door on the right and stop in front of the door .
walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn right . walk down the stairs and turn left . walk past the stairs and turn right . walk past the stairs and turn right . walk past the stairs and stop in front of the table .
walk past the stairs and into the kitchen . walk past the kitchen and stop in front of the patio door .
walk along the pool and wait in the doorway of the house .
walk out of the office and turn right . walk past the chairs and stop in front of the door .
exit the bedroom and turn left . walk past the fireplace and wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the left .
walk out of the room and turn right . walk past the pool and stop in the doorway .
exit the bedroom and turn left . walk past the double doors on the left and wait in the doorway to the dining room .
walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom .
exit the bathroom and turn left . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the fireplace and into the dining room . stop in front of the first chair .
exit the office and turn right . walk down the hallway and wait in the first doorway on the right .
walk forward and turn right . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the stairs and stop in the doorway .
exit the bathroom and go up the stairs . wait at the top of the stairs .
walk up the stairs and turn right . walk past the stairs and turn right . walk into the room and stop .
walk past the couches and wait in the patio doorway .
turn around and enter the hallway . turn left and enter the bedroom . wait by the bed .
walk down hallway , turn right at first door , turn right and walk down hallway , turn right at first door , turn right and stop at first door .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk out the door on the left and stop in the doorway .
walk down the stairs and turn left . walk through the doorway and stop in front of the sink .
exit the closet and turn left . walk down the hallway and turn left into the bedroom . wait in the bedroom .
walk straight ahead and turn right . walk past the table and chairs and turn right . walk down the hallway and turn right . walk into the bedroom and stop .
enter the house and walk up the stairs . wait at the top of the stairs .
walk into the house and past the stairs . stop in front of the double doors .
walk past the dining table and wait in the doorway to the patio .
walk down the hallway and wait on the stairs .
walk past the living room and wait at the top of the stairs .
walk through the kitchen and turn right . walk past the kitchen and turn right . walk past the kitchen and stop in front of the dining table .
walk down the stairs and wait in the sitting area .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk straight past the kitchen and wait in the kitchen .
walk past the table and chairs and up the stairs . wait at the top of the stairs .
walk past the pool table and chairs . turn left and walk past the pool table . turn left and walk into the wine room . wait near the stairs .
walk straight down the hallway and turn right . walk past the kitchen and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
exit the bathroom and walk past the bed . wait near the chairs .
exit the bathroom and walk straight into the dining room . wait near the fireplace .
walk past the dining room table and chairs . wait in the kitchen .
walk into the bathroom and turn right . walk past the sink and stop in the doorway .
walk down the stairs and turn right . walk past the couch and stop in front of the bed .
walk past the kitchen and wait in the doorway on the right .
exit the room . turn right and go into the room . wait at the entrance .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk past the stairs and into the bathroom . stop in front of the sink .
walk down the stairs and turn left . walk through the doorway and stop .
exit the room . turn right and go down the stairs . wait at the bottom .
walk straight down the hallway . turn left and wait near the exit sign .
turn around and go to the left of the bar . go to the end of the bar and wait near the chairs .
walk down the stairs and turn left . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the table and chairs . walk into the bathroom and stop .
walk down the stairs and turn right . walk past the fireplace and turn right . walk into the living room and stop .
walk up the stairs and turn right . walk up the stairs and stop on the first landing .
exit the room . turn right and go down the hallway . turn right and wait in the entrance of the room .
walk past the fireplace and turn right . walk down the hall and wait in front of the fireplace .
walk down hallway , turn right at end of hall , walk straight through doorway , stop at doorway .
walk through the doorway on the left , then turn right and walk through the doorway . wait in the doorway .
walk past the foot of the bed and the television . stop in front of the bathroom .
walk down the stairs and turn left . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the piano . stop in front of the first set of stairs .
walk past the dining table and chairs . walk up the stairs . wait at the top of the stairs .
walk out of the bedroom and turn right . walk past the bed and turn right . walk out of the door and turn right . walk past the glass doors and turn right . walk out the door and stop .
exit the bathroom and wait in the hallway next to the door .
walk down the stairs and turn right . walk past the kitchen and turn left . stop in front of the counter .
walk along the path and enter the house . turn right and walk past the red chair . turn right and walk past the red chair . turn right and walk past the red chair . stop in front of the first window .
walk past the stairs and turn right . walk past the stairs and stop in front of the door .
walk past the stairs and turn right . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the stairs and stop in front of the door .
walk into the dining room and turn right . walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn right . stop in front of the fridge .
go up the stairs and turn right . walk straight down the hallway and wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the right .
exit the bathroom and walk past the bed . turn right and exit the house . wait in the hallway .
walk down the stairs and turn right . walk into the office and turn right . stop in front of the desk .
walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
walk past the dining room table and chairs . turn right and walk into the bedroom . walk around the bed and into the bathroom . stop in front of the shower .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk past the fireplace and turn right . walk into the bedroom and stop .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk down the hallway and wait in the office .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk past the bathroom and wait in the hallway .
turn around and walk towards the kitchen . wait in the kitchen .
exit the bathroom and walk past the bed . exit the bedroom and wait at the top of the stairs .
go up the stairs and turn left . walk into the living room and stop by the first chair .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk into the bedroom and wait by the bed .
walk past the fireplace and wait in the hallway .
walk forward and turn right . walk through the doorway and turn left . walk into the bathroom and stop .
walk past the dining room table and chairs . walk past the long table with chairs . walk past the long table with the chairs . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the stairs . walk past the dining room table and chairs . wait in the hallway .
exit the room . turn right and go out the double doors . wait there .
walk past the foot of the bed and turn left . walk past the bed and stop in the doorway .
walk straight ahead and wait at the top of the stairs .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk down the hall and wait in the living room by the first set of doors .
enter the house through the patio door . wait in the living room .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk past the glass doors and turn right . walk past the glass doors and turn right . stop in front of the shower .
walk down the hallway and wait in the doorway at the end .
walk into the bedroom and turn left . walk around the bed and turn left into the bathroom . stop in front of the sink .
walk past the bed and wait in the hallway by the door .
exit the closet and turn right . walk past the tub and the tub and exit the bathroom . wait in the bedroom .
exit the bathroom and turn left . walk down the hallway and wait in the doorway of the first room on the right .
exit the room . turn right and go down the hallway . wait near the glass doors on the right .
walk out of the bedroom and turn right . walk into the second door on the right and stop .
exit the room . turn left and go into the bathroom . wait near the toilet .
walk across the patio and up the stairs . turn left and walk past the rocking chairs . walk past the chairs and stop in front of the door .
walk straight ahead and wait in the doorway of the house .
walk past the stairs and turn left . walk down the stairs and wait by the couch .
walk straight ahead and wait in the doorway to the patio .
walk past the exercise room and wait in the hallway .
walk into the house and turn right . walk into the garage and stop .
walk straight ahead and wait by the first set of tables .
walk down the stairs and turn left . walk past the table and chairs . stop in front of the table .
walk straight ahead and wait by the dining table .
enter the house and walk past the dining room table . wait in the doorway .
walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
walk into the house and turn right . walk past the table and chairs and stop in front of the table .
walk past the foot of the bed and out of the room . turn right and walk past the stairs . walk past the stairs and turn right . stop in front of the bathroom .
enter the house and walk up the stairs . wait at the top of the stairs .
walk through the kitchen and turn right . walk past the refrigerator and turn right . walk into the bedroom and turn right . walk into the bedroom and turn right . walk into the bathroom and stop .
walk past the dining room table and chairs . turn right and walk past the bar with the chairs . turn right and stop in front of the bathroom .
exit the bathroom and walk past the bed . exit the bedroom and wait in the patio doorway .
walk out of the bedroom and turn right . walk into the bedroom and turn left . walk into the closet and stop .
walk into the house and turn right . walk past the stairs and into the bathroom . stop in front of the shower .
exit the room . turn right and wait near the round table with the plant .
exit the bedroom and turn left . walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
walk past the long table and chairs . stop at the end of the table .
walk past the foot of the bed and the bed . turn left and walk past the bed . walk past the bed and stop in the doorway .
enter the house and walk past the kitchen . wait in the hallway next to the kitchen .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk past the fireplace and turn right . walk past the fireplace and stop in the doorway .
walk past the stairs and turn left . walk into the bedroom and wait in the doorway .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
exit the bedroom and wait in the hallway outside the double doors .
walk down the stairs and turn right . walk through the doorway and turn left . walk through the doorway and stop .
exit the bathroom and walk past the bed . exit the bedroom and wait in the hallway next to the fireplace .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk up the steps and turn right . walk past the wall with the glass wall . turn right and walk out the door . stop in front of the gate .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk down the stairs and turn right . stop in the doorway .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk past the stairs and wait in the doorway to the patio .
exit the laundry room and turn right . walk past the kitchen and wait in the doorway to the bedroom on the right .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk down the hall and turn right . walk into the bathroom and stop .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk down the hallway and turn right . stop in front of the first door on the left .
exit the bathroom and walk straight into the kitchen . wait in the doorway to the left .
exit the bathroom and wait at the top of the stairs .
turn left and walk down the hallway . turn left and wait in the bedroom .
walk into the bedroom and turn right . walk past the bed and turn right . walk into the doorway of the bedroom and stop .
walk past the table and chairs . wait in the doorway of the room on the left .
exit the bathroom and wait in the bathroom doorway .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk past the table and chairs and wait in the middle of the room .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk past the stairs and stop in front of the kitchen .
exit the bedroom and turn left . walk down the hallway and turn right into the bathroom . wait in the bathroom .
walk past the tub and the tub . walk past the pool table and turn right . walk past the pool table and turn right . walk past the pool table and stop in the doorway .
walk past the dining room table and chairs . walk past the dining room table and chairs . walk past the dining room table and chairs . walk past the dining room table and chairs . stop in front of the first window .
exit the bathroom and turn left . walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn left . walk past the table and chairs and turn left . stop in front of the table .
walk down the hallway and wait at the top of the stairs .
walk past the stairs and turn right . walk past the stairs and stop in front of the bed .
walk past the stairs and turn right . walk into the bedroom and turn left . walk into the bedroom and turn left . walk into the bathroom and stop .
walk into the bathroom and wait in the bedroom .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk out the door on the right and turn right . walk down the hallway and turn right into the bathroom . stop in front of the sink .
walk past the dining room table and chairs . walk past the kitchen . wait in the kitchen .
exit the room . turn right and go down the hallway . turn right and wait by the exit sign .
walk out of the room and turn right . walk into the next room and turn left . walk into the massage room and stop .
walk straight ahead and wait near the couch .
walk down the hallway and wait in the hallway next to the painting .
walk out of the kitchen and turn right . walk past the table and chairs and turn right . walk up the stairs and stop on the first step .
turn around and go to the right .
walk down the stairs and turn right . walk past the stairs and turn right . stop in front of the counter .
walk out of the bedroom and turn right . walk past the stairs and stop in front of the drum set .
walk past the pool and wait in the doorway to the left of the second door on the left .
walk up the stairs . wait at the top of the stairs .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk past the couch and turn right . stop in front of the door .
exit the room . turn right and go into the room . wait near the bed .
exit the room . turn right and exit the room . wait near the fireplace .
exit the room . turn right and go up the steps . turn left and wait by the desk .
walk out of the kitchen and turn right . walk outside and stop .
walk into the bedroom and turn right . walk past the bed and out the door . stop in front of the patio door .
exit the bedroom and wait in the hallway outside the bedroom .
walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom .
walk straight ahead and wait by the first white chair .
exit the room . turn left and go into the room next door . wait near the round table with the chairs .
walk past the bed and wait in the doorway to the left of the pool table .
exit the room . turn right and go out the door on the right . turn left and go into the bathroom . wait near the toilet .
enter the house and walk past the stairs . walk into the bedroom on the left and stop in the doorway .
walk around the bed and exit the room . wait in the doorway .
walk forward and turn right . walk past the stairs and wait in the hallway .
walk past the kitchen and wait in the hallway between the two pillars .
exit the bathroom and turn left . walk past the stairs and turn left . wait in the doorway of the dining room .
walk past the table and chairs . walk up the stairs . wait at the top of the stairs .
exit the bathroom and walk out the bedroom door . turn right and walk towards the open door . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the double doors . wait in the doorway .
walk through the doorway and turn right . walk through the double doors and stop .
walk straight ahead and wait in the doorway of the house .
walk down hallway , turn right at end of hall , stop at exit sign .
walk down the stairs and turn right . walk down the stairs and stop .
walk up the stairs and wait on the first landing .
walk out of the bedroom and turn right . walk down the hall and turn right . walk into the bedroom and stop .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk down the hallway and wait in the doorway of the first room on the right .
exit the room . turn right and go into the room . wait at the entrance .
walk down the hallway and wait in the doorway to the left .
walk out of the closet and turn right . walk past the closet and stop in the doorway .
exit the bathroom and turn left . walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
go up the stairs and stop in the doorway to the patio .
walk straight ahead and wait near the stairs .
exit the bedroom and turn right . enter the living room and wait by the chair .
exit the bedroom and turn right . enter the bedroom and wait by the bed .
walk down hallway , turn right at first door , stop at first door .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk up the stairs and wait at the foot of the bed .
exit the room . turn right and go straight down the hallway . wait near the entrance of the room on the right .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk past the stairs and wait in the living room .
exit the bedroom and turn left . walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk past the wall with the glass wall . turn right and walk outside . wait there .
enter the house and turn right . walk down the hallway and turn right . walk past the stairs and turn right . walk into the first room on the right and stop .
enter the house and wait in the doorway to the left .
walk down the hallway and wait in the bathroom doorway .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk down the hallway and wait in the hallway .
walk down the hall and wait in the sitting room .
exit the garage and enter the garage . turn right and walk past the dining room table and chairs . turn left and walk past the table and chairs . turn left and wait by the fridge .
walk down the hallway and turn right . stop in front of the bathroom .
walk straight down the hallway . stop at the end of the table .
exit the bedroom and turn left . walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
exit the laundry room and turn right . wait in the doorway of the kitchen .
exit the room . turn right and go out the glass doors on the left . wait near the round table with the chairs .
exit the room . turn right and go into the room . wait near the bed .
walk past the fireplace and turn left . walk past the table and chairs . walk past the table and chairs . walk into the dining room and stop .
walk past the stairs and into the bedroom . walk around the bed and into the closet . stop in front of the shower .
enter the house and walk past the stairs . wait in the office by the first desk .
go up the stairs and turn right . walk down the hallway and turn right . wait in the doorway of the bathroom .
exit the bathroom and turn left . walk down the hallway and turn right into the bedroom . wait in the doorway .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk through the bathroom and wait in the bathroom .
walk up the steps and turn right . walk past the table and chairs . walk down the stairs and turn left . walk down the steps and stop .
walk past the desk and desk . walk past the long table and chairs . stop in front of the table .
walk into the bedroom and turn left . walk around the bed and out the door on the left . turn left and walk into the bedroom . stop in front of the patio .
walk past the tv and the tv . wait in the doorway of the bathroom .
walk down the stairs and turn left . walk around the pool table and stop in front of the pool .
walk past the dining table and chairs . walk past the long table with chairs . walk past the chairs and table . stop in front of the first white chair .
walk up the stairs and turn right . walk through the doorway and turn left . walk into the room and stop .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk through the double doors and stop in front of the door .
exit the room using the door on the left . turn left and go into the room on the right . wait at the entrance .
walk past the fireplace and exit the room . wait in the hallway .
walk forward and wait in the doorway of the room on the left .
walk past the long table and chairs . walk past the long table and chairs . walk past the long table and chairs . walk past the long table . wait in the doorway .
walk into the house and turn right . walk past the stairs and stop in the doorway .
enter the house and walk up the stairs . wait at the top of the stairs .
walk past the stairs and turn right . walk down the stairs and stop .
walk past the pool table and wait in the doorway of the bathroom .
walk down the hallway and turn left . walk into the closet and wait .
exit the room . turn right and go down the hallway . wait near the glass doors on the left .
exit the room using the door on the left . turn left and go into the room on the right . wait at the entrance .
walk past the living room and wait in the living room .
walk past the stairs and wait in the office by the first desk .
walk into the house and stop in the doorway .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk past the stairs and turn right . walk into the bathroom and stop .
exit the bathroom and turn right . exit the bedroom and turn right . walk down the hallway and enter the bedroom on the right . wait near the bed .
exit the closet and turn right . exit the bedroom and turn right . walk past the stairs on the right and enter the bedroom . wait in the bedroom .
walk down the stairs and turn left . walk outside and stop .
exit the room . turn right and go into the room . wait at the entrance .
walk straight ahead and wait by the fireplace .
walk out of the living room and enter the house . walk past the patio chairs and enter the house . stop in the doorway .
walk past the stairs and into the kitchen . walk past the stairs and into the kitchen . stop in front of the desk .
walk past the stairs and into the bedroom . stop in front of the bed .
walk out the door to outside . wait outside the door .
walk out of the kitchen and turn right . walk up the stairs and wait at the top of the stairs .
walk past the desk and turn right . walk up the stairs and stop on the second step .
exit the bedroom and turn left . wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the right .
turn around and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom .
walk past the kitchen and wait in the doorway to the living room .
exit the laundry room and turn right . walk past the kitchen and wait at the bottom of the stairs .
walk past the dining room table and chairs . stop in front of the first dining table .
go up the stairs and turn right . stop in front of the bed .
exit the laundry room and turn left . enter the bedroom . turn left and enter the closet . wait there .
walk straight ahead and wait in the doorway of the living room .
walk past the stairs and into the room with the glass floor . walk through the doorway and into the room with the glass wall . walk through the doorway and into the room with the glass wall . walk through the doorway and stop .
turn around and walk out of the room . turn right and walk past the stairs . turn right and stop in front of the sink .
walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk down the stairs and wait at the top .
walk past the foot of the bed and out the door . turn right and walk into the hallway . turn right and walk into the bedroom . stop in front of the door .
exit the room . turn right and go past the table and chairs . turn right and go past the table and chairs . turn right and wait in the hallway .
exit the bathroom and turn right . exit the bedroom and turn right . walk down the hallway and wait in the laundry room on the right .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk past the stairs and turn right . walk down the stairs and stop on the first landing .
exit the bathroom and turn left . walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom .
walk past the chair and the chair . turn left and go up the steps . turn right and go up the steps . wait near the sink .
exit the bedroom and turn left . walk through the double doors and wait in the doorway .
exit the bathroom and turn left . walk past the stairs and turn left . walk up the stairs and wait at the top .
exit the laundry room and turn left . walk down the hallway and wait in the first room on the right .
walk past the desk and wait by the first white chair .
walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
enter the house and walk past the dining room table . wait in the doorway to the living room .
walk past the foot of the bed and the bed . stop in front of the first window chair .
walk past the dining room table and chairs . wait at the top of the stairs .
walk past the glass table and chairs . turn right and wait in the kitchen .
exit the bathroom and walk straight down the hallway . wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the right .
exit the bathroom and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
walk down the stairs and turn left . walk into the bedroom and wait by the bed .
walk past the stairs and turn left . walk past the stairs and turn left . walk into the bathroom and stop .
walk straight and wait in the doorway of the house .
walk past the stairs and turn right . walk past the stairs and turn right . stop in front of the door .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk down the stairs and turn right . walk down the stairs and stop in front of the table .
exit the room . turn right and go out the door on the right . wait there .
walk past the table and chairs . walk into the room on the right and stop .
walk out of the pool area and turn right . walk down the stairs and stop .
enter house through door . walk past piano . wait at threshold of office door .
walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn right . walk past the kitchen and turn right . walk down the stairs and stop .
enter the house and walk past the kitchen . wait in the patio doorway .
walk to the left of the table and chairs . walk past the chairs and stop in front of the first set of stairs .
walk down the hallway and turn right . walk down the hall and stop in the bathroom doorway .
walk up the stairs and turn right . walk through the doorway and wait by the fireplace .
walk through the doorway and turn right . walk through the doorway and stop .
walk around the bed and exit the bedroom . wait in the kitchen .
walk past the stairs and turn right . walk past the stairs and stop in the doorway .
exit the bedroom and turn right . wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the right .
exit the room . turn right and go into the room . wait at the entrance .
walk past the table and chairs . walk past the chairs and up the steps . turn right and walk into the house . turn right and walk into the laundry room . wait by the sink .
walk into the kitchen and turn right . walk past the stairs and turn left . walk into the living room and stop .
walk past the fireplace and turn right . walk through the doorway and wait in the doorway .
walk through the kitchen and out the door on the left . wait in the patio doorway .
walk through the doorway and turn right . walk through the doorway and stop .
exit the bathroom and turn right . walk down the hallway and wait at the top of the stairs .
walk out of the room and turn right . walk past the pool and stop in the doorway .
walk out of the bathroom and turn right . walk past the bed and stop in front of the patio doors .
exit the bedroom and turn right . enter the bathroom and wait by the sink .
exit the bedroom and wait in the doorway to the living room .
walk down the stairs and turn right . walk into the room and turn right . walk past the foot of the bed and turn left . walk into the bathroom and stop .
exit the closet and turn left . exit the bedroom and turn right . wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall .
exit the room . turn right and go into the room . wait near the desk .
exit the bedroom and turn left . walk up the stairs and wait at the top .
exit the bathroom and turn left . walk past the pool table and wait in the doorway of the pool room .
exit the bathroom and wait in the doorway to the bathroom .
exit the bedroom and turn left . wait in front of the double doors .
walk past the chairs and the round table . wait in the middle of the first set of stairs .
exit the laundry room and walk down the stairs . wait at the entrance to the bedroom .
walk down the stairs and wait near the table with the plant .

walk up the stairs . wait at the top .
walk out of the kitchen and turn right . walk past the bed and turn right . walk into the bedroom and stop .
walk down the hallway and wait in the bathroom doorway .
walk straight ahead and wait near the first set of stairs .
walk through the kitchen and wait in the dining room by the dining table .
walk down the stairs and turn left . walk past the dining table and wait in the doorway to the dining room .
exit the room . turn left and go out the door on the right . turn left and go into the room . wait at the entrance .
exit the bedroom and turn right . walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom .
exit the bathroom and exit the bedroom . turn right and walk down the hallway . wait in the open door to the left .
walk up the stairs . wait at the top of the stairs .
walk past the foot of the bed and exit the room . walk past the fireplace and wait in the doorway .