go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
go down the stairs and turn left and go down the stairs and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk up the stairs and turn right and go up the stairs and stop when the to the door to keeping .
walk forward then turn right and walk past the brick room and stop in front of the door on the left .
exit the bedroom and turn left and walk down the hallway and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk out of the bedroom and turn left and go down the hallway and stop in the doorway to the bedrooms .
walk down the hall and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
walk past the sectional couch , turn right and go down the hallway and stop in front of the tan door on the right .
walk past the curtain and turn left . walk up the stairs and stop in front of the top of the stairs .
go down the stairs and turn right and go down the stairs and turn left and go into the bathroom , and stop in front of the door .
exit the laundry room and turn left and walk past the washer and turn into the bathroom . stop in front of the door .
walk out of the bedroom and turn left and go into the kitchen and stop in front of the door on the right .
exit the bathroom and turn right and go up the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
walk into the room and turn right and walk through the second door on the left and stop in front of the door in the left .
go up the stairs and turn left and go into the bathroom and stop in front of the doorway .
walk into the living room and turn right and walk past the balcony and turn left and walk alongside the bed and stop in front of the door on the left .
continue to the goal . go past the pool . stop in front of the pool on the right .
take a left at the chair go down the stairs . walk down the stairs and stop in front of the door at the bottom .
walk past the conference room and turn left and walk past the table and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk down the hallway and turn right and go into the room and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk into the house and turn right and walk into the bedroom and make a left and go into the bathroom and stop in front of the door on the left .
exit the bathroom and walk past the dressing room and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk up the stairs and turn right and walk past the dining table and stop in front of the kitchen on the right .
walk out of the shower and turn left and walk out of the room and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk past the piano and turn left and go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk around the couches and turn left and go into the living room and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk past the table and go up the stairs and turn right and go down the hallway and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk past the fridge and turn left and go up the stairs and stop at the end of the bed .
walk out of the bathroom and exit the bedroom and turn left and go down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
stopping at the end of the hallway and turn left and walk down the hallway and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
and walk past the dining room table and turn left staying walk halfway through the double doors and stop .
exit the kitchen and turn left and walk past the stove and turn left and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk into the stairs and turn right and walk past the kitchen and turn right and walk into the doorframe and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk out of the room and turn left and walk out of the bedroom and turn right and stop in front of the door on the left .
turn right and walk towards the stairs and turn left and walk past the couch and walk into the bedroom and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk out of the bathroom and turn left and walk past the table and chairs and turn left and walk into the kitchen and stop in front of the door .
exit the bathroom and turn left and walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
leave the bathroom and walk past the chairs and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk into the room and turn left and walk and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk into the living room and turn right and go into the dining room and stop in front of the door on the left .
exit the bathroom and turn right and walk into the bedroom and turn left and walk into the bedroom and stop in front of the door on the right .
exit the room . go down the stairs and go down the stairs . stop at the bottom of the stairs .
walk down the hallway and turn right and go down the hallway and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk down the hallway and stop in front of the door on the right .
leave the bathroom and go into the dining room and turn left and enter the dining room and stop in front of the door at the end of the table .
walk down the hallway and turn left and walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
walk past the pool and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk down the hall and turn right and walk down the hallway and go up the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
walk near the table and turn left and go down the hallway and turn left and walk into the house and stop in front of the door on the outside .
go down the hallway and turn left and go into the room and walk into the room and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
leave the bathroom and go down the bedroom and turn right and go into the closet and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk out of the room and turn left and go into the living room and stop in front of the double doors on the left .
go down the stairs and turn left . go into the bathroom and stop in the doorway to the bathroom .
exit the bedroom and turn right and walk down the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk into the room and turn right and walk into the room and turn left and go into the tan room and stop in front of the door on the right .
exit the lower room and turn left and go down the hallway and turn left and go into the laundry room and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk down the hallway and turn left and go down the stairs and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk down the hallway and turn left and go past the end of the table and stop in front of the door on the left .
turn left and walk out of the room and turn right and walk across the room and go into the room and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk through the double doors and turn left and walk into the closet and turn left and go into the closet and stop in front of the door on the left .
go up the stairs and turn left and go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
exit the room and turn left and walk through the room and turn right and go up the stairs and stop and go up the stairs and stop at the bottom .