walk through the door and turn left and walk down the hallway and turn slight left and go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk through the laundry room and turn left and walk out of the door and turn left and go into the kitchen and stop in front of the door on the right .
exit the bathroom and turn right and go through the bedroom and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk past the counters and turn left and go into the pantry and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk up the stairs and turn right and walk indoors into the bathroom and stop in front of the door on the left .
exit the laundry room and turn left into the kitchen and turn left and walk through the kitchen and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk past the table and turn left and walk into the room and turn left and go into the room and stop in front of the door on the left .
exit the room and turn right and go down the stairs and turn left and go into the powder room and stop in front of the doorway on the right .
exit the room and walk through the door and walk through the door to the end of the bed and turn left and go into the arc room and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk up the stairs and turn left and go into the bedroom and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk through the house and turn left and walk through the bedroom and go into the bedroom and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk diagonally and walk past the bar and stop in front of the door on the right .
exit the bathroom and turn right and walk out of the bedroom and turn right and go into the frosted room and stop in front of the door on the door .
walk out of the posters and turn right and walk down the hallway and turn left and go into the bedroom and stop in the doorway of the door on the right .
walk out of the room and turn right and go down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
walk past the statues and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk up the stairs and turn right and go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk out the screen and turn hardwood and walk into the kitchen and turn right and walk into the kitchen and stop in front of the door on the right .
exit the bedroom and turn right and walk ahead and turn left and go through the door on the right and go into the room and stop in front of the door on the left .
face the view and turn left and walk past the couch and turn right and walk through the dining room and stop in front of the door on the left .
exit the carpeting and turn right and walk down the hallway and turn right and go into the bathroom and stop in front of the door on the left .
exit the kitchen and turn left and walk down the hallway and turn right and go into the construction and stop on the tiles of the , .
walk out of the room and turn left and walk down the stairs and turn left and go passed the woven and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk down the stairs and turn right and go into the bedroom and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk past the table and turn right and walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk out of the bathroom and turn left and walk out of the bathroom and turn right and go into the bedroom and stop in the doorway of the door on the right .
walk into the home and turn left and go into the house and turn right and go into the door on the left and go into the bathroom and stop in the doorway of the door on the left .
walk through the outdoor furniture next tot and turn right and avoid the bedroom and walk into the doorway and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk down the stairs and turn right and go into the bathroom and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk out of the kitchen and turn left and walk up the stairs and turn left and go into the closet and stop in front of the door on the left .
exit the chest and turn left and walk out of the bathroom and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk down the stairs and turn left and go down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
walk through the kitchen and turn right and go through the kitchen and go through the french doorway and turn left and go into the living room and stop in front of the end of the orange .
walk down the hallway and turn right and go down the hallway and stop in the doorway of the door on the right .
walk through the living room and up the stairs and talk the stairs and go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk out of the room and turn right and walk past the orange recliners and turn left and go into the dining room and stop in front of the bust on the right .
exit the room and turn left and go reached the end of the hallway and turn left and go into the room and stop in front of the end of the room .
walk down the hallway and turn left and go into the room and stop in the doorway of the door on the right .
walk through the doorway and turn right and go down the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
exit the bathroom and turn right and walk out of the bathroom and go into the doorway and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk down the stairs and turn left and go into the bedroom and go into the bedroom and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk out of the bathroom and turn right and go down the hallway and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk down the hallway and turn left and walk along the pool and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk three and turn let and walk through the kitchen and turn left and go into the laundry room and stop in front of the end of the passage .
walk towards the kitchen and turn left and go down the hallway and turn left and go into the living room and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk out of the bathroom and turn left and walk into the dining room and walk past the circular table and stop in front of the corner of the room .
walk up the stairs and go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs .
walk past the bed and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk down the hallway and turn right and go down the hallway , and stop in the door on the ceiling .
walk out of the workout room and turn left and walk past the stairs and go into the kitchen and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
walk into the living room and turn left and go into the bedroom and stop in front of the door on the left .
walk down the hallway and turn left and go into the bedroom and stop in the bedroom and stop in the doorway of the bedroom .
walk down the hallway and turn left and go down the hallway and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk out of the bathroom and turn left and walk down the hallway and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk down the hallway and turn right and go down the hallway and stop in the doorway of the door on your right .
walk inside from the cactus and turn left and walk down the hallway and turn left and go into the bedroom and stop in the bedrooms and go through the door on the right .
walk past the room and turn left and go through the kitchen and stop in front of the end of the room .
go down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs .
go down the stairs and turn right and go down the hallway and stop in front of the door on the end of the hallway .
walk past the dining room and turn left and go into the door on the right and go into the cheetah and stop in front of the door on the right .
walk out of the bedroom and go out of the bedroom and turn left and walk into the bedroom and stop in front of the door on the right .