Go indoors. Walk straight until you almost past the stairs on the left and turn right into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
Enter house, walk past the fireplace and make a right and enter dinning area, and wait. 
Walk into the building and past the fireplace. Walk through the door on the right and stop in the doorway. 
Head straight, stopping at the dresser and take a left turn, stopping near the door. 
Head down the hall and turn left at the mirror. Then enter the door on the right and stop. 
At the entrance, walk past the black door (on the left) and painting (on the right) until you see a table with a mirror hanging on the wall. Take a left at the mirror and take your first right through the open doorway. When you see a long table surrounded by soft chairs you'll have arrived at your destination. 
Turn and head towards the stairs in the room. Go down the stairwell all the way and stop at the base, in the room with the large red couch and TV. 
Move towards the gray sofa and down the stairway. Stop at the bottom of the stairs before the orange couch. 
Enter the living room, then walk down the stairs. Wait by the painting. 
Exit the room through the door in the opposite corner from where you started and enter the kitchen. Then go through the door opening to your immediate left into the laundry room. 
Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn left. Walk through the doorway and turn left. Stop by the sink. 
Pass the table and chairs then turn left and go out the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait by the sink. 
Go up eight steps of the stairs. 
Head up the first flight of stairs.  Stop at the landing in front of the second flight of stairs. 
Walk up the stairs to the first landing and wait there, by the banister. 
Turn left and go past the bed. Go straight and exit the glass door on the left. Wait at the balcony. 
Enter the room and walk around the bed.  Go out on the patio and stop after taking a few steps. 
Turn left and walk into the room. Walk to the left side of the room and out the door to your right. Stop once you are outside. 
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Go down the hall passing the stairs and enter the office through the first door on your right. Stop in the doorway to the office. 
Face the bed. Walk through the door. Walk right. Walk straight. Turn Right at first door. 
Walk straight till you get to the doorway and turn right.  Go down the hall, past the stair case and stop at the first door on the right.  It's a den.  Stop before you go in.  Wait. 
Exit the bathroom to the room. Turn left and exit the room by going out the door on the left. Turn left walk past the black chairs on the left. Pass the fireplace on the right. Stop near the grandfather clock. 
Leave the bathroom and go to the table and chairs at the foot of the bed.  Go left and walk into the hallway and keep going left around to the fireplace.  Stop in front of the American flag on the left side of the fireplace. 
Leave the room, then leave the next room and wait in the entry past the large fireplace. 
Walk through the bathroom and out the door, take a right turn through the other open door and stop at your destination. 
Exit bathroom and turn right. Stop in doorway. 
After you leave the bathroom take a right and wait in the doorway. 
Go along the patio to the left of the black pillars and then through the last and second to last pillar, go to the top of the stairs straight ahead and stop on the white tile before the staircase. 
Go straight and pass the table and chairs on the right. Walk straight and wait at the top of the stairs on the left. 
Stand so the indoor area is to your left and walk straight down the patio, past the table and chairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs going down at the end. 
Go down the long hallway to the left. Stop next to the bathroom sink. 
Go towards bed and then turn right. Walk along the rug towards the doorway. Go through the doorway, and stop just beyond the door, near the vanity. 
Walk down the hallway to the left of the TV. Stop at the end of the hallway when it opens up and the sinks are to your left. 
Facing the front door, go slight right into the archway to the left of the fridge, turn right into the bathroom, then turn left, then facing the mirror go into the doorway to the right and then stop. 
Walk past the island and down the hall. Turn right and walk into the bathroom. Turn left and stop in the doorway to the right of the mirror. 
Walk down the hall to the left of the refrigerator. Take a right into the bathroom at end of the hall. take a left and stop in the closet door on the right. 
Go check on the bathroom with the marble top sink that is located next to a large open closet. 
Walk up the three steps in the hall next to the gym area. Take the first right in the hallway just before the next three steps. Stop in front of the bathroom doorway. 
Go up the three steps and go straight until you get to another three steps. Don't go up those steps, but go into the room on the right and stop there. 
To the doorway on the far right and head down the hall,  take a right and go through the open door, on your immediate right is a closet, go through the doorway and stop. 
Walk out of the room and into the hallway.  Continue a straight path into the bathroom.  Wait in the closet to your left. 
Leave the playroom, In the hallway walk straight into the bathroom across the hall. In the bathroom take a left into the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet. 
Walk toward the stairs and turn left. Walk past the table and chairs and stop in front of the kitchen sink. 
Enter inside and turn right. Walk forward passing the staircase on your right. Keep walking forward, and pass the dining table. Walk towards the sink faucet on your left, and stop there. 
Head in past the dining area into the kitchen. Stop and wait near the sink. 
Walk straight along the path away from the plants, with the guardrail on your right. Go through the door straight ahead. Once inside, turn left. Stop next to the sink. 
Walk down porch to front door, enter house, turn left and stop at green counter top with sink. 
Turn to the right and walk into the house. Turn left and wait by the sink. 
Walk straight down the carpeted hallway.  Stay right, until you reach a hardwood floor. Walk next to the green leather chair.  Wait here. 
Walk down the hall and to the right and stop in front of the chair. 
Turn right and go down the long hallway. Go right at the end of the hallway and stop by the first black chair. 
Exit the bedroom, go down the hall and wait in the doorway to the living room. 
Stand in front of the dresser with the flowers and frame on it and exit the room through the door on the left at 11 o'clock position. Walk over the carpet and stop after passing over the corner on the far left.  It is in the doorway to the next room. 
Leave the room, and go straight. Stop once you pass the white and frosted glass partition. 
Exit the bathroom into the hall. Start up the stairs on the left. Stop about five steps up. 
Turn right and exit the room. Go up the stairs on the left. Go up five steps then stop. 
Leave the bedroom, and go down the hall. Go up four stairs and stop. 
Walk around the stairs, and go to the right of the table and chairs. Pass the left of the bar, and stop at the end of the bar by the bowl of fruit. 
Walk down the stars and make a sharp turn left. Turn right and walk past the dining room table and chairs. Walk to the end of the island and stop. 
Go down the stairs and to the left. Then go down the hall passed the bar and stop on the right side of the living room. 
With the deck behind you, walk all the way down the right side of the room, passing couches and a fireplace.  Stop after you pass the final couch and are in front of the white door. 
Walk straight through the living room and passing the fireplace on the right. Stop in front of the door after you pass the couch. 
Go straight and pass the fireplace and all the couches then stop at the very end right in front of the door. 
Go straight and down the hallway on the slight left. Walk until you get to a large room with a square design on the floor. Turn left and go into the first room on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
Walk straight across the room and out the left side. Walk down the hallway until you reach the room with the doors and turn left. Enter the door to the far left and stop once inside. 
Walk across the room past the divider.  Continue to walk done the hall and turn left at the foyer.  Enter the massage room on the left. 
Leave study towards stairway. Go up stairs, turn left and continue up stairs, walk straight across to bedroom. 
walk out of the study, towards the staircase. walk up the stairs. turn left at the first landing and continue up the stairs. At the top of the staircase, walk through the open double doors to the right. Stop after passing through the double doors. 
Walk out of the library and up the stairs. Go to the left staircase and go to the top.  Make a slight right and walk to the doorway there to the bedroom and wait there. 
Leave the room and go right.  Walk past the bar and stop in the center of the big open room. 
Walk through door, take a right, stop right before the coach the chair in the middle. 
Leave the laundry room and take a right. Go straight towards the round table, and stop before you reach the couch between the table and couch. 
Walk towards the white bookshelf. Turn left at the white bookshelf. Stop in between the two tables. 
Go and stand in the doorway of the room next to the long wooden table that is empty aside from one plant. 
Turn right and walk past the ping pong table. Turn a slight left and move forward to the white bookcase Turn left at the bookcase, walk a few steps and stop. 
Walk straight down hall to the bed room at the end of the hall. Stop when you reach the chair. 
Turn right and go down the hallway towards the bedroom at the end of the hall. Go in the bedroom and wait in front of the bathroom door. 
Walk forward toward the ached hallway. Continue down the hallway and enter the bedroom at the end. Stop next to the arm of the chair in the bedroom. 
Pass the black patio table and head toward the large glass doors that lead to the building then stop at the doors. 
Walk across patio to entry way. Stop at double doors going in. 
Walk past the iron patio table on the left. Head towards the entry on the left. Stop at  the entry to the building before you are inside. 
Walk through the kitchen past the dining room table and chairs and turn right. Walk right past the trash can. Walk left past the chairs. Walk past the and table and turn left. Stop in the hallway. 
Walk straight behind the counter to the first doorway on your right. Take a right once through the door and walk to the doorway to your left. Stop in the doorway at the panting. 
Walk to the last bar chair on the left. Make a slight left and walk into the smaller room. Walk around the bar with the grey chairs. Make a left into the thin grey hallway. 
Go up the last few stairs and turn right. Go up the next two flights of stairs and wait. 
Walk up the rest of the stairs, then continue up the next set of stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs near the potted plant. 
Go up the stairs then turn right and go up the other stairs on the right then turn right and go up the other stairs on the right and stop at the top of the stairs. 
Walk out of the room and left past the stairs. Walk into the bedroom. Turn left and walk down the hall. Walk past the chair and ottoman. Stop just outside. 
Exit the bedroom and follow the hallway to the left.  Enter the master bedroom and walk to the edge of the sliding patio door. 
Exit the bedroom, walk into the hall to the left of the stairs and continue into the bedroom. Walk onto the balcony and stop before the brown sofa. 
Walk towards the television hanging on the wall. Stop on the left side of the television near the door. 
Walk along the kitchen counter to its end, then turn right. Walk through the living room by passing the sofa, to the furthest left sliding glass door. Wait in the doorway by the chair. 
Go to the left of the counter with the sink on it, go towards the dark grey couch, go around the couch to the left of it, and step into the left opening to the outside area and stop. 
Exit through the door. Go straight and wait beside the sink. 
Exit the room and go straight into the kitchen. Wait there by the sink. 
Goo passed the couches and through the doorway into the kitchen. Stop by the kitchen sink. 
walk towards vanity, turn right and walk past tub and through doorway stop in front of mini sink. 
Walk between the the tub and bathroom counter.  Go through the opening next to the bathroom counter and into the little hallway. Wait next to the family picture hanging on the left wall. 
Walk past tub on the right. Enter kitchenette, and wait at the sink. 
Continue up the stairs and turn left. Then go up the steps on the left and stop at the top of the steps, next to the long window. 
Walk left from the top of the stairs on the gravel. Walk of the steps and top at the top of the steps. 
Walk up the stairs, turn left, and go up the second set of stairs. Stop at the top by the window . 
Pass a small closet down a long hallway, and stop at the end of the hallway after you pass a bathroom. 
Go straight down the hall until you get to a bedroom then stop by the bed. 
Walk down the hallway. and stop near the desk and bed,. 
Go down two sets of steps, through the first door on the left and wait inside the exercise room. 
Walk down the steps and straight down the hall. Turn left into the exercise room. Stop in front of the treadmill. 
Go down the steps and then down more steps and then turn left and wait near the treadmill. 
With the double doors directly to your right and the window directly behind you, move forward past the fireplace on your right until you pass the rope barrier and are standing on the carpeted pathway. 
Walk forward past the fireplace. Step onto the red rug ahead, and stop. 
Go to the fireplace. Stand on the red carpet. 
Walk straight down the hallway in front of you. Keep going to the last door on your right. Stop looking into the room while still seeing the window at the end of the hallway. 
Walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom doorway across from the stairs. 
Walk down hall to stairs, turn right and enter bedroom. Stop In doorway. 
Walk through the room and through the sliding glass door and stop on the deck. 
Walk forward through the living room and out onto the patio. Stop on the patio next to the small blue plant pot. 
Walk across the kitchen area towards the glass panes. Walk towards the grill outside. Wait there. 
Go up the steps and through the hallway to the right. Go through kitchen and down the stairs to the living room. Go to the back left corner. 
Walk up the stairs and enter the dining room on your right.  Walk to the edge of the living room and wait by the rail. 
Walk up the stairs and turn right.  Then walk into the kitchen. Stand next to the hand rail in the kitchen. 
Walk towards sofa.  Continue past recliner to enter the bedroom at the far side of room.  Turn left and walk to the far side of the bed.  Wait by lamp. 
Walk across living room into bedroom, turn left and stop at bathtub. 
Turn around and walk into the sitting room and out the door straight ahead on the other side. Once you enter the bedroom turn left and walk to the other side of the bed. Stop on the other side of the bed. 
Go inside. Pass the kitchen and go into the second door from the left. Wait there. 
Walk past the kitchen area and into the second doorway on the left. Stop just inside the doorway. 
Enter the house, and go into the foyer that is the second door on the left. Stop onc eyou enter the foyer. 
Turn left. Wait at the top of the stairs on the left. 
Turn left walk to the bar and stop at the top of the steps on the left. 
Turn left and go past the kitchen.  Turn Left at the microwave area.  You will be at the top of the stairs.  Wait right there. 
Turn towards the table and exit out the door to the left behind the table. Keep going straight past the couches and the bar. Stop when you have reached the end of the bar and are facing outside. 
Walk through the dining room and across the hall. Wait at the other end of the kitchen near the exterior door. 
Walk forward toward the dining able, and exit through the archway. Go into the kitchen straight across. Walk forward toward the table, and bench. Stop before you reach the bench. 
Turn around and go to the end of the walkway, go through the doorway and take a right, keep going to the next hall on the right, turn right, go down the steps, and stop. 
Walk along the walkway and into the building Walk past the shelf and to the right. Walk down the stairs and stop. 
Walk down the curved pathway and into the room and past the shelves. Go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
Go through the bedroom and into the sitting area. Wait outside on the porch. 
Exit the bathroom and the bedroom, go towards the front door and step outside and stop. 
Leave the bedroom, and take a right. Go through the door next to the desk. Stop on the porch next to the black iron chair. 
Go around the bed and into the doorway on the left. Walk through the hall and into the first door on the left. Stop near the beds. 
Exit the massage room, enter the room with the square pattern on the floor and make a left into the leftmost doorway, take a few steps into the other massage room and then stop. 
exit the bedroom, go into the room on the left side, and then stop at the left side of the room. 
Turn to the left and walk to the white coffee table between the yellow couch, the red and blue carpet, and two white chairs. Walk past the two while chairs and the painting of sailboats towards the opening leading to the next room. Walk to the brown coffee table with two wicker chairs and turn to the left towards the next room with folding glass doors. Walk into the seating TV area and towards the portable room space heater. 
Turn to your left, walk towards the swing in front of the window. Once you are in front of the swing turn left  and enter the next room. Stop facing the blue loveseat with books on the right. 
Head left past the white table and chairs until you reach a brown table, enter the room on your left and stand next to a table with a small lamp on it. 
Walk through the kitchen and towards the dining room table. Walk through the doorway and walk left. Wait in the bedroom doorway. 
Turn around and go through the kitchen.  And through the dining room.  GO to the right, through the doorway and into the entryway.  You'll see a bedroom off to the right. Go to the doorway of that bedroom and wait there. 
Walk into the kitchen and go left. Leave the kitchen and enter the foyer on your right. Take a left  and stop in the bathroom doorway on your right. 
Exit massage room, then go straight into the hall towards the three silver hangings, go passed the hangings and go into the archway on the right of the two archways and stop. 
Exit the room and proceed through the corridor and hall way. Pass through the room and wait in the doorway. 
Turn right and leave the room. Walk past the carpet into the hallway ahead. Keep walking to the end of the hallway and turn left. Walk into the room and then turn right. Walk across the room. Stop inside the ladies bathroom. 
Walk out of the closet and walk across the hall to the left of the animal pictures. Walk into the hallway past the sculpture on the table and into the bedroom next to the chair and stop. 
Exit the closet. Turn right. Exit the room. Turn slightly left and go into the hallway straight ahead. Continue straight pass the chair on the right and into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
Turn to the left and exit the closet.  Cross the hall to the left and enter the next room. Walk down that hall and enter the bedroom at the end. 
Walk on the stone path to the left and enter the house. Walk around the curved wall to the left and past the chairs. Wait on the bottom stairs to the left. 
Walk past the red sculpture and into the building. Walk straight and turn left by the chair. Walk straight and turn left. Walk up the stairs. Stop on the second step. 
Move toward the red art piece. Go inside. Turn left and walk toward the red chair. Begin to go up the stairs to your left. Stop on the second stair. 
Go stand in the kitchen entrance. 
Turn left and go into the room and then turn left and pass the table and chairs on the right. Pass the wall with the holes in it then turn left and wait at the entrance of the kitchen. 
Walk into the room with the white table. Turn left and walk past the table with chairs. Go left and stop in the doorway next to the table. 
Walk down the steps and turn right. Walk forward past the guitar. Walk into the second door to the left. Stop just inside the door. 
Walk down the stairs and take a right. Walk forward and enter the foyer through the second door on the left. Stop inside the doorway next to the door. 
Walk straight and then turn right at the couch. Walk straight past the guitar and then walk into the middle doorway. Wait in the entryway. 
Walk out of the bathroom into the hallway ahead. Turn the corner to the right and walk past the open doors and through the doorway straight ahead at the end of the hall. Walk into the room, which contains a couch with stools around a coffee table. Turn at the circular statue and walk through the open double doors to the outside area near the couches. 
Turn right into the hall and go left through the door toward the pool. Go out through the door to the right and stop by the chair. 
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left.  Walk until near the table and metal art.  Turn right and walk outside.  Wait near the furniture. 
Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Then head outside. Stop near the large cactus. 
Walk past the foot of the bed and go left at the windows.  When you enter the big room with the window walls, go out the door on the right.  Walk outside and stop a few steps along the walkway in front of a cactus. 
Walk straight past the bed and then make a sharp left turn followed by an extremely sharp right turn and out the door. Stop once you're outside. 
Go right and down the long hall. Stop in the entryway on the left passed the first white table. 
Walk inside and go straight.  When you get to the circular marble table in the middle of the room, turn left.  Stop in front of the drinking fountain. 
Walk inside through both doorways, pass the table with the white tablecloth and make a left through the immediate doorway, then stop in front of the drinking fountain. 
Leave bathroom and walk to end of hall, turn left and wait in empty room. 
Exit the door, and walk all the way forward. Pass the entire carpet and picture frames on the wall. Turn left towards the room that is first visible, and stop there. 
Exit the bathroom and go straight down the hallway to the end of the hall. Go the door leading into the bedroom on the left side of the hall and wait at the doorway. 
Exit office, turn left at stairs, walk to table with jade statue, wait here. 
Exit through the room via door to the left of the big blue ball.  Walk past the dining table and turn right.  Walk to the round table with the four chairs around it.  Stop in front of the table so that the horse statue on the table is facing you. 
Walk thourgh double doors. Turn left and go past the table. Go diagonally righ past the cabinet and behind the loveseat. Stop at round table. 
Walk past the bar stools near the kitchen counter.  Continue passed the staircase and past the mirrored doors. Walk around the corner towards the small lounge area with a fireplace. 
Turn to the left and walk past the dining room table and the dog.  Go past the stairs and down the hall.  You'll see a big painting on the wall and on the right, there will be a small sitting room.  Stop in front of the mantle clock. 
Go passed the rug and the dining room set to the stairs. go passed the mirror and enter the doorway and then you'll see the fireplace mantel. 
Walk down the remaining stairs in the spiral staircase.  At the bottom of the stairs, walk straight forward, past the wooden art sculpture on your right.  Stop when you are standing at the end of the blue rug. 
Go down the stairs to the next level. Walk forward to the rug next to the dining table. Stop once you step on the rug. 
Go down the stairs and walk forward to the dinning room rug. 
Head inside and cross the room towards the stairs. Wait near the doorway to the left of the stairs. 
Head straight and to the left of the tables.  Go the left of the staircase and stop in front of the hall. 
Walk across large hall. turn left to avoid steps, and stop on large archway on left side. 
Walk through the en suite bathroom to the closet. Wait in the closet. 
walk forward then at the door turn right then walk forward again the you will stop at the dressing room. 
Walk forward, and turn right towards the bathroom. Keep walking forward passing the sinks on your left. Walk all the way forward towards another room that has the glass chess drawers, and stop in front of that. 
Go straight and then turn right to go inside the house. Turn right and wait near the hallway. 
Continue along the rock way and then turn right to enter the house. Turn right and stop in the door archway. 
Walk a bit forward, and turn right when the semi circle mat rug is visible. Enter inside and turn right, and stop between the wooden door, and white wall. 