Leave the salon by going under the red velvet rope and exit through the door on the left. Follow the red carpet and go through the double doors. Enter the next room and go stand by the short table under the chandelier. 
Turn and walk out the double doors to left of the fireplace. Walk across the room and into the door straight ahead. Once you enter the room walk to the other side of the rope on the left  and stop in between the benches and the table at the blue vase. 
Walk and turn left towards the door. Enter the door, and keep walking forward, and enter a door that has a huge round mirror on the right. Turn left towards the brown chairs, and stop there. 
Enter the room and head straight until you get to a doorway straight ahead go through the door and wait by the door on you right. 
Walk straight through the dining room and exit through the door opposite from the one you started at.  Stop after passing through the doorway. 
Walk forward through the room with the glass table, into the open door.  Wait by the wall. 
Walk through the front door to the house. Make a left through the door and walk down the hall and turn the corner. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Walk passed the two large beds and into the bathroom, stopping near the sink. 
Walk towards the wall divider inside the house. 
Turn around and walk through the doorway.  Turn to the left and walk down the hall.  Turn left again and walk into the bedroom.  You'll go past two beds Walk into the bathroom, towards the mirror and stop. 
Exit the room through the door to the right of the fireplace. Walk through the hallway, then veer right and continue to the nearest end of the table to your right. 
Exit the room and walk down the hall. Wait by the table. 
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and wait near the table and chairs with the chandelier. 
Turn around and exit the foyer. Enter the room on the left and wait in front of the fireplace. 
Go between the two stairs and down three steps. Go past the grandfather clock and pass through the open doorway on your left. Stop and wait just inside the room. 
Walk forward, turn left, enter the room to the right side, and wait near the fireplace. 
Walk through the doors and into the hallway with a red floor rug. Walk down the hall into the open door ahead long the red floor rug. Walk up the small set of marble steps through the door. Walk up the steps up the right stairwell and stop on the stairs. 
Make left at candelabra floor lamp. Walk past fire extinguisher. Walk up white marble steps. Make right at top of marble stair landing. Wait on second step from bottom. 
With the round table behind you walk out of the room and take a left. walk on the red rug down the hall and out of the room into the foyer. In the foyer walk up the marble stairs, and stop on the second stair from the bottom on the right staircase. 
Turn around and walk through the bedroom towards the bathroom. Stop just inside the bathroom. 
Go through the left archway, go straight through the room and into the bathroom archway and stop. 
Enter through the door leading inside.  Continue straight through the bedroom.  Enter the bathroom through the doorway.  Wait here. 
Go down the all the stairs, and take a left.  Enter the room on the far left. Stop once you enter the room. 
Walk down the steps that curve right. Turn left and walk down the steps. Walk into the door on the right. Stop just inside the doorway. 
Go down the stairs on your right. When you go all the way down turn left. Go into the room on the left that is the farthest away. Stop at the entrance. 
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Turn right again at the dinning room table and wait by the partition. 
Exit the bathroom and turn right into the area with the dining table. Go straight and turn right at the door, still going through the dining room and stop at the doorway to the kitchen. 
Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk past the table and chairs and walk right. Stop in front of the end table. 
Leave the salon by going under the red velvet rope and exit through the door on the left. Follow the red carpet and go through the double doors. Enter the next room and go stand by the short table under the chandelier. 
Turn and walk out the double doors to left of the fireplace. Walk across the room and into the door straight ahead. Once you enter the room walk to the other side of the rope on the left  and stop in between the benches and the table at the blue vase. 
Walk and turn left towards the door. Enter the door, and keep walking forward, and enter a door that has a huge round mirror on the right. Turn left towards the brown chairs, and stop there. 
Go to the red carpet. Go down the hall with two fire extinguishers on the left side. Go up the three white stairs. Go up the staircase on the right. Stop at the bottom of the next staircase. 
Turn right and go out the double doors. Go straight. After you pass the red and white striped chair. Turn right and go up the stairs on the right. Wait until you get to the middle where three stairs meet and there is a large chandelier on top of your head. 
Go to the double doors on the right. Walk forward and turn right to go up the stairs. Go up the stairs and wait at the bottom of the final set of stairs. 
Go down the stairs. Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn right and stand near the fireplace. 
Turn around and walk through the first door on the right. Stop by the fireplace on the right. 
Turn with your back to the staircase. Take the first corridor on the right. Follow the corridor into the far room. Go past the velvet rope, onto the rug. Stop a couple feet from the fireplace, next to the table. 
Head downstairs and through the first double doors on the left. Walk down the hallway and wait in the sitting room in front of the fireplace. 
Go down the stairs when you get all the way down turn left and head down that hallway until you get to a large room with floral couches and wait there by the gold table and the two small chairs. 
Walk down the stairs that curves down to the right. Walk down the steps past the columns and turn left. Walk into the room and over the rope. Stop in front of the table. 
With the double doors directly to your right and the window directly behind you, move forward past the fireplace on your right until you pass the rope barrier and are standing on the carpeted pathway. 
Walk forward past the fireplace. Step onto the red rug ahead, and stop. 
Go to the fireplace. Stand on the red carpet. 
Go straight down the hallway, turn right at the fork and then continue in to the room. Turn right into the living room and stop by the lamps. 
Leave the bedroom and walk down the hallway. Make your first right and walk through the door. Turn hard right, go down two steps and wait next to the chair. 
Exit bedroom and continue straight down hallway.  Turn right at the end of the hallway. Walk through the door and turn right. Go down two steps and stop at the bottom of the steps. 
Walk up the stairwell with the red carpet up to the next level. Continue forward at the top of the stairs and walk into the roped area with the armchairs and table. 
Ascend the stairs and cross the rope. Stop under the chandelier. 
Go up the stairs. Go straight until you get to a large table with a chandelier. 
Leave the room and take a right. Go straight through the door across the room. Make a left at the  end of the screen and wait between the screen and wicker chair. 
Turn right and walk through the doorway. Walk across the room past the end table and turn left. Stop by the chair with the rounded arms. 
Turn right at the door, and walk forward. Keep walking passing the glass table on your right with chairs. Turn left towards the divider, and stop in front of the divider. 
Enter the room and head straight until you get to a doorway straight ahead go through the door and wait by the door on you right. 
Walk straight through the dining room and exit through the door opposite from the one you started at.  Stop after passing through the doorway. 
Walk forward through the room with the glass table, into the open door.  Wait by the wall. 
Walk through the bathroom towards the shower. Walk into the bedroom and pass the bed out through the door on the other side. Walk into the hallway and around the corner to the door that leads outside. 
Exit the bathroom and continue towards the bedroom exit. Stop in the doorway leading outside. 
Walk forward turn left walk straight go past the bed through the door turn left. 
Exit kitchen, walk toward dinning room, make a left past dinning table, and wait at door. 
Turn right and go past the kitchen and left into the other room. Go past the wall with holes. Go past the table and chairs then turn left. Wait there. 
Walk past the kitchen island and enter the dinning room.  Walk past the dinning room table, then turn left and enter the hallway. 
Face the open door. Turn right and walk into the dining area. Next, turn left and walk past the wooden lattice structure. Wait by the thermostat on the wall. 
Turn right then turn left and go past the wall with the holes and wait there. 
Exit the little hall into the main room and stand at the end of the room divider. 
Walk through the doorway between the two fireplaces. Wait at the gilded armoire. 
Walk straight across the room and into the next one. Wait near the wardrobe. 
Walk through the door between the two fireplaces. Veer right and step onto the rug. Stop on the rug in front of the armoire. 
FACING A ROOM WITH A TABLE TO THE RIGHT AND A CABINET TO THE LEFT WALK TOWARDS A GLASS WALL BEHIND A LATTICE ROOM DIVIDER, FACING THE GLASS DOOR WALL AND A TABLE IN FRONT OF YOU TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT AND WALK INTO THE KITCHEN. 
Move straight past the wooden room divider, then make a sharp right into the doorway of the kitchen. Wait in the doorway. 
Walk past the table and around the screen to the back door then turn left. 
Turn around and go straight. Take a left at the wall and go straight. 
Head straight until you pass the wall with holes in it the turn left and wait by the glass table with the white chairs. 
Go down past some room dividers toward a glasstop desk, and turn into the dining area. Wait next to the large glass dining table. 
Walk onto the paving stones and turn left, following the path toward the door. Wait in the entry way. 
Go forward along concrete pathway. Take the first left. Go forward. Enter the door. Stop there. 
Go straight then turn left and wait right by the entrance to go inside. 
Make a hard right. Make a hard right. Walk past the fireplace on the left. Walk past the round table on the right. Walk past the fireplace on the left. Wait at the wall mirror to the right of the french doors with green glass. 
Go straight past the two fireplaces on the left. Wait near the three chairs on the left. 
Turn 180 degrees to face the room with the fireplace. Walk forward past the fireplace. Continue down the red carpet past the stanchions. Stop in front of the double doors. 
walk forward towards the door into he house. I the entryway take a right and walk around the gate. Once you are past the gate walk into the dining room and go forward. In the dining room stop in front of the first chair on your right. 
Walk down the walkway onto the front porch area of the home. Walk across the porch into the open double entry doors of the home. Walk around the wooden dividing wall ahead and into the next room past the first armchair. 
Enter the building through the large glass doors. Turn right and move passed the lattice work. Turn left and enter the room. Move forward between the large chair that is against the wall and the glass table. 
Turn right in front of the fireplace. Walk around the roped off chairs. Stop in front of the stairway. 
Turn around and walk towards the fireplace. Once you reach the fireplace, turn right and exit the room. Once out turn left and walk to the top of the stairs and stop. 
Walk through the doorway next to the black wardrobe. Follow the path when it turns left. Then turn right where the path does. Then stop at the top of the stairs on the left. 
Go inside past the long glass table and turn left through the doorway to the left of the table with the horse statue on it. Stop a couple of feet past the doorway. 
Turn around and enter the house. Once inside, walk straight past the chairs on the right and the table with chairs on the left. At the end of the table turn left and enter the doorway. Stop once inside the doorway. 
Walk inside and around the screen.  Walk around the dining table and turn left at the table with the horse statue on it and go through a doorway.  Stop just after stepping through the doorway. 
Walk down the stairs. and enter the rightmost doorway to your left. Walk along the red carpet, cross the gated area to the right  and wait there. 
go down the stairs, turn left, go down the steps, turn right, go down hallway, turn right, go over the velvet rope, stop immediately on the corner of the rug. 
Go down the stairs. At bottom landing, turn right to go down the hallway. When you have met the red rope, turn right and stand on corner of large carpet. 
Turn right and go into the room turn left and walk past the wall with holes in it. Go out the glass doors on the right to go outside and then stop. 
Turn around. and then go out the door to your right. Once out the door turn left and walk past the chairs on the left and table and chairs on the right. Go out the wood petition and turn right. Go to the doors on your left leading outside and stop. 
Go down the hall and into a dining area.  Go past the table and towards the back door, wait there facing outside. 
Walk onto the paving stones and turn left, following the path toward the door. Wait in the entry way. 
Go forward along concrete pathway. Take the first left. Go forward. Enter the door. Stop there. 
Go straight then turn left and wait right by the entrance to go inside. 
Head out doorway.  Make a right turn after exiting.  Walk towards the dining table.  Wait next to glass table. 
Turn right and exit the kitchen past the counter. Turn right and go in to the dining room. Wait next to the table. 
Exit the kitchen and go right into the dining room. Stop right after the big chair next to the table and chairs. 
Go opposite the outside area into the living room and straight through, up the stairs, turn left towards the doorway and stop. 
With your back facing the window, walk straight past the tv (on your left) and sofas (on your right). Walk up the two steps and your destination will be the hallway entrance at the immediate left following the steps. 
Walk to the far end of the room and stop at the top of the steps. 
Go down the stairs. Turn right and go straight until you get to a room with a black table and a fireplace. Wait near the fireplace. 
Go between the two columns and then turn right. Go through the double doors and proceed down the hallway. At the end enter the room to the right, go under the velvet rope and stand in front of the fireplace. Wait there. 
Head away from front door down a flight of 3 stairs, Turn right. Follow hallway down through 2 sets of doors. Stop just before the ropes. On the right side step over the rope and just before the fireplace. 
Turn around and walk through the next room.  Then enter the doorway on your left. Stand next to the fireplace. 
Head towards the door with the fire extinguisher beside it.  Pass through the seating area and go through the double doors on your left. Stop in front of the fireplace and wait there. 
Turn around and walk through the small hallway. Once in the next room, walk to the other side and enter the door on the far left. Stop before you reach the double doors on your right. 
Walk across living room to double glass doors exiting outside. Stop on porch between two columns. 
Go up the two steps that are right by the wall with holes, pass the glass table with white chairs, pass another wall with holes then go outside using the large glass double doors on the right and wait there. 
Go straight up the steps and continue going straight passed the table and towards the door on the right. Exit the door on to the patio. 
Walk forward and then turn right at the long table and chairs. Walk through the ornate doors and down the orange carpet, past the fire extinguishers on the left to an ornate drawing room. Enter the room and wait next to the mirror above the fireplace on the right. 
Take a right and go down a hallway into the room at the end of the hall. Stop on the edge of the rug near the fireplace, and a pink chair. 
Turn right at the top of the stairs and go straight down the hallway. Make a right at the end of the hall and wait in the room. 
Go straight down the hallway, turn right at the fork and then continue in to the room. Turn right into the living room and stop by the lamps. 
Leave the bedroom and walk down the hallway. Make your first right and walk through the door. Turn hard right, go down two steps and wait next to the chair. 
Exit bedroom and continue straight down hallway.  Turn right at the end of the hallway. Walk through the door and turn right. Go down two steps and stop at the bottom of the steps. 
Exit the bathroom and walk past the screen and front door into the kitchen on the opposite side of the building from where you started.  Stop in the doorway just after passing the table with the glass top. 
Walk out of the bathroom and veer left. Go down the hall, and enter the room straight ahead. Stop in the doorway to the kitchen. 
Leave the bathroom and walk through the opening to the left of the chair. Walk past the wooden screen and the glass-topped table and stop in the opening that leads to the kitchen. 
Exit the room with the toilet.  Turn left at the shower.  Exit the room with the beds.  Keep walking until you can turn right.  Walk outside and stop. 
Exit the bathroom, exit the bedroom, turn right, exit the building, wait at the white pillar. 
Exit the bathroom, then go forward and exit the bedroom, turn right and go to the outdoor area, stop by the doors. 
Turn left and move straight through the room and then walk through the doorway. Wait just inside the doorway. 
Turn left. Walk past the table with the horse sculpture. Continue through the doorway. Stop after you entered the doorway. 
Walk between the sitting area and the dining table towards the door way. Walk through the door and stop. 
Turn right and walk all the way down the hall. Wait beside the white wardrobe. 
Go through the hallway to the left, and walk to the left corner of the rope and stop. 
From the top of the stairs, walk to the left of the large room with the table and chairs. Walk through the room at the end of the hallway. Stop by the table and chairs. 
Walk down hallway to large entry way, walk into right hand entry and stop at fireplace. 
Turn and enter the doorway on your left. Go down the short hallway and enter the room with the large stairway in it. Across the room, there will be two doors. Go into the one on the right, closest to the window. Take one step into the room and wait. 
Stand with the ropes to your left and behind you and walk straight into the next room.  Walk past the marble columns and go through the doorway of the right, closest to the windows.  Stop after passing through this doorway and are near the fireplace. 
Go down stairs, go to the double doorway to the right of the front doorway, go through that doorway, make a left into the roped area and next to the table and stop. 
Walk down the steps and to the left. Walk into the double doors on the right. Walk left and stop in front of the table. 
Walk down the stairs, and go into the doorway on the left. Go between the chairs and the table on the left and stop. 
Go straight then turn right. Go up the step and wait in the porch. 
With the door behind you, walk straight down the pathway and turn right.  Keep walking until you pass the columns and stop in front of the glass double doors. 
Turn around and walk out on the concrete slabs. At the end of the walkway turn right and step onto the porch and stop. 
Turn around walk down the hallway past the open house doors and turn the corner to the left. Walk through the door at the end of the hall and into the bedroom with two large beds. Walk through the room and into the bathroom stopping near the sink. 
Turn to your right and go down the walkway past the door to the outside on your left. At the hallway with the four  doors go through the door on the left, past the chair to the door's left.  Go into the room past two beds on your right into the bathroom and then turn and face the mirror. 
Turn around, walk down the hall and turn left to go into the bedroom.  Walk through the bedroom, into the bathroom, and then stop right by the mirror. 
Exit the bathroom, continue past the bed and television until you exit the bedroom, wait in the doorway to your left. 
Exit the bathroom and walk straight across the bedroom. Wait at the door that leads outside. 
Exit the bathroom and walk through the bedroom. Then stand near the entrance of the front door. 
Walk down one flight of stairs and stop on the landing. 
Walk between the columns and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the steps and stop on the landing. 
walk forward then turn right at the stairs then go down the stairs. 
Walk inside towards the red circle on marble floor.  Continue straight.  Wait at the bottom of staircase. 
Go indoors. Walk straight until you get between the two columns. 
Turn around, walk up the two steps and head through the entryway. Continue forward and stop in between the bottom of the two staircases. 
Leave the bathroom, turn right, walk past the dining room, walk through the doorway and wait in front of the bathroom. 
Head into the hallway and turn right.  Go through the room with white furniture.  Head through the doorway and stop. 
Turn right into doorway Walk straight across dining room into next  hallway. stop at door to right and hallway to the left. 
walk down carpeted hallway to the left of fireplace, walk through double doors, turn left when you reach the top of the stairs, walk over rope and stop next to table. 
Exit the room through the door near the fireplace, then wait in the dining room near the table. 
Head down the hallway and stop next to the table. 
Exit the kitchen. Turn right. Walk past the glass dining table. Stop at the small wicker chair. 
Walk forward and leave the kitchen. Take the first right into the dining room. Go straight into the living room across from the dining room. Stop next to the wicker chair. 
Walk along the counter and out of the kitchen door.  Walk into the dining room, and keep going until you get to the room divider. 
Go past the tv and go up the steps. Turn left and go into the hallway. Wait there. 
Walk forward, turn left, walk through the doorway and stop. 
Go forward toward the dining table. Go up the stairs and take the first left. Stop outside of the bathroom. 
Move towards the bed and stop once you are between the bed and the television. 
walk straight down hall into bed room. Stop between bed and desk. 
Walk down the hallway and go into the bedroom and wait. 
turn left and walk towards opening on the right. Enter large hall. turn left towards short stairs. Go up short staircase and stop at the top between another set of stairs. 
Walk through the living room area passed the chairs. Walk through the open double doors and into the entry room with red carpet. Walk up to the stairwells. 
Follow the couch round the table and out the door on the right side of the room. Walk up the stairs to the left and hold on the landing between the winding staircases. 
Turn left and move straight through the room and then walk through the doorway. Wait just inside the doorway. 
Turn left. Walk past the table with the horse sculpture. Continue through the doorway. Stop after you entered the doorway. 
Walk between the sitting area and the dining table towards the door way. Walk through the door and stop. 
Walk toward the door with the vented bottom and turn left to leave the kitchen. Walk past the trellised wall into a small hallway. Go left into the double bedroom. Arrive between two beds. 
Walk past the kitchen island on the right. Make a left at the switch-plate on the wall to the left. Walk past the wood panel wall dividers on the right. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Enter the open bedroom door to the right of the black leather chair. Wait at the TV. 
walk on left side of kitchen island, turn left through doorway, walk on right side of glass table through doorway, turn left walk in front of black chair through doorway walk past foot of first bed and stop. 
Go through the left entryway and to the leftmost door. Go straight and stop between the two beds. 
Take a right before the double doors that lead outside. Once through the doorway, walk through the second doorway directly to the left. Continue to walk straight through the doorway, into the room...stop when you are standing directly in the middle and in front of the two beds. 
Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward into the bedroom with 2 beds and wait. 
Turn left, walk through the door, keep going walking to the next door ahead of you and before you get to the door you will  pass a glass table on your left and a statue of a horse on your right, keep going straight to the door and stop once you pass the door. 
Turn left, walk through the door, walk past the dining table, walk through the door, and wait. 
Walk straight through two doorways. 
Enter the room with the large rounded mirror on the left. Go straight and turn left to go through the door ahead. Stop at the hallway. 
Walk through the dining room, and take a left past the table. Walk into the hall and stop beyond the entry next to the door. 
Walk around the dining table until you get to the table with the horse statue on it.  Turn left at the horse and stop walking after you step through the doorway. 
Walk past the fireplace and exit the room through the doorway on the right. Immediately turn left, walk through the hallway, turn right and wait on the stairway landing. 
Exit room through the doorway on the right. Turn left and walk down the hall. Turn right past the red striped chair and go up the stairs. 
Walk past the rope line and exit the room through the door on your right.  Turn left and walk down the hall.  Turn right and walk up marble steps.  Wait on the landing. 
Go straight and pass the chairs and the large mirror on the right then turn right and head toward the stairs. Wait on the second step to the top. 
Walk forward, past the sitting area and follow the red carpet into the next room. Following the red carpet, turn right and then left. Wait at the top of the stairs on the right. 
Go into the next room with the lit chandelier. Go to the top of the staircase in that room. 
Go down the hallway on the right.  Turn right and stop in front of the marble and gold coffee table. 
Turn around so that you are facing the chandelier. Take your first right. Stop at the end of the hallway. Turn right. Stop in front of the coffee table. 
Turn right and go through the hallway until you get to a room with pink couches. Wait near the fireplace. 