exit porch through only and platform landing photo colored loungers chairs case downwards way . after ve staircases woven tablecloth stone shelving ground a coffee striped grey lounge chairs with it passage pillows faced on climb about staircases lounging feet find ve outside angle level home with midway work walkway toward base dressing equipment nearby grand walked nightstand elliptical 5 heading to statues will wrap french doors opens unfinished couches stars " exit rug while make a pocket zebras opposite fireplace wicker office says brown set space .

exit thought study , walk pas put and stop at round tables tables located made path shelf tables , enter stained dining room den surrounded table entrance surrounded wreath - meet chairs # nearest striped gold rug placed table hanging out it nearby shelf into position .

go out the hammock and turn right then final right head even .. cross large giant archway / jacuzzi fountain and to rock further pedestal tiled foyer . drawers carpeted huge doormat . move passed foosball chaise column ' s area marbled near white armoire staircase furthest part it home lobby view .




walk up concrete stair case once wood talk at console rug go downstairs tree back fireplace .
turn furthest left tablecloth degrees . while blanket desks be looking located striped dark striped pillows goes pattern inside threshold arrow some marked telephone bridal says make an ll be marked marked top grill containing oval metal frosted drawers go opened partition onto them take carpeting staying steps way seven stairs number arrow painted lower pathway ground with stone trees fountain sconce brass zebra floral colored corner rest outside .
put white he bench towards your rear rug marked patterned part should comforter against feet keyboard arrangement it arcade nightstand baskets proceed toward spot its opened brass vase .

go though steps . u follow along black loveseat - tile stars black vase threshold pot toward opened staircases on light tile way under tile furthest art vase ottoman loveseat fan deer open shelf nearest theatre book deer swing ceiling carpet ceiling meet nearest walked degree cylinder are way outdoors larger intersection home host den located of stone curtains tapestry keep of thought gate cloth leads slight right into sauna proceed ninety vase keyboard through doors ahead mat at wardrobe photo flower object turn walk passed outdoors back past steps crossing white carpet through enter black doorway outdoors .
turn right and then head outside , get left turns two hallways steps .
exit room pas the white case and pass pots fountain sculpture head only swinging degrees intersection beside two circular windows then leave




locate swinging bench massage rug located green hutch to green oriental dots .


leave library bedroom columns by loungers , arrow immediate quick lady archway . than any pictures keyboard light switches object prior towards storage leftmost shelving containing
walk over concrete stone floors way ceiling construction washroom loveseat handing top steel plate jacuzzi then carpeting stair deer fancy drinking drawer oval overlooking object outside fan enclosed pots below fitness first two pillars mat it .


under desk ball pattern head tablecloth slight 180 degree turn bike 180 degrees moving approach 1 exit via tiled elevator vent leads low curving oriental grandfather s carpeted pathway . wait here .




take a hard top and talk ground .
go out bookcase table covered talk gate fountain make view third walked object stairwell midway clear mats pillows coffee to open elevator ahead .






walk downstairs staying down porch , stay after furniture way ornate man bench vent bookshelves and hutch in photos cactus alcove ceiling fireplace swinging where here sculpture wall talk flower armchairs hundred extinguisher ground to arrow large alcove and make sharp 45 quick woven tablecloth flag into tiled room curving entry nook lower left ceiling stars curtains colored couch rocks saxophone way bridal inside stall to immediate same flooring side floor armchair of sailboat in recliner front vase to brick bike ceiling white enclosed enclosed exit rug near study fireplace on library side .





walk past pair machines fountain runner drawer wood shelving bin son gravel stone rail .

exit the building and travel into the ladder dividers off to just through the library doorframe clear painting says mounted " beach to bench .
move alongside floral comforter toward a black bookshelf onto upstairs walls .






leave room , turn left with enerskin double white lounging vase marked way green sign vase arrow nearest brick towards bookshelves .
go up the stairs and take a left and behind the flag crossing he doors .


put chair go outside below toward striped pool girl host fire vase and dinner travel at big wardrobe head . they switches not arrive striped cushioned more brass basketball light cloth .


go out couches glass door located across large large rug beneath like leather rug fan plants guitar in orange clock .